Time to look back at what
we covered in this lesson.
In particular, we were focusing on
the libraries and your overall environment
setup for
programming a CV application, right?
>> Like Robert just said,
we were talking about the Simple and
OpenCV libraries that'll you create
the Computer Vision application and
then there's a ton of commands.
Make sure you get them all right or
you might have some problems getting
the libraries all set up,
maybe your Python won't work as well.
>> Yeah, and I know we didn't show
you all the commands except other
than just typing them in front of you, but
you will have access to the slides, as
always, as all the other courses you have.
And all the commands in order,
the step-by-step process is in the slides.
So this particular slide's for
module three, lesson two.
>> Yeah.
>> Download those module three slides,
and you'll have access.
>> Yeah, also,
we didn't really cover debugging tips.
So you'll easily know if
something's wrong with your setup
if you type in Simple CV
into the command line and
it doesn't open up the interactive
shell that I mentioned before.
>> Great.
So stay tuned for
the next lesson where we will actually
start building the script that will
use these libraries.
So see you soon.